ArangoGraph Notebooks update (#1176)
arangodb/docs: arangograph/notebooks.md

subject to change. The beta version is free for all.
{% endhint %}

The ArangoGraph Notebook is a JupyterLab notebook embedded in the ArangoGraph

> ecosystem. The notebook integrates seamlessly with the ArangoGraph ecosystem,

Reviewer: It's officially a platform, so the full name could be used here:
```suggestion
Insights Platform. The notebook integrates seamlessly with the ArangoGraph Insights Platform,
```

automatically connecting to ArangoGraph services, including ArangoDB and the
ArangoML platform services. This makes it much easier to leverage these
resources without having to download any data locally or to remember userId's,
passwords, and endpoint URL's.

![ArangoGraph Notebooks Architecture](images/arangograph-notebooks-architecture.png)

The ArangoGraph Notebook has built-in [ArangoGraph Magic Commands](notebooks.html#arangograph-magic-commands)
that answer questions like:
- What ArangoDB database am I connected to at the moment?
- What data does does the ArangoDB instance contain?
- How can I access certain documents?
- How do I create a graph?
and many more.

The ArangoGraph Notebook also pre-installs `python-arango` and ArangoML connectors
to PyG, DGL, CuGraph, as well as the FastGraphML library, so you can get started
right away accessing data in ArangoDB to develop GraphML models using your
favorite GraphML libraries with GPU's.

> ## How to create a new notebook

Reviewer 2: please replace the screenshot with an updated version after the wording change

1. Select the notebook that you want to remove from the **Notebooks** tab.
2. Click the **Delete notebook** button.

## Getting Started notebook

To get a better understanding of how to interact with your ArangoDB database
cluster, use the ArangoGraph Getting Started template.
The ArangoGraph Notebook automatically connects to the ArangoDB service
endpoint, so you can immediately start interacting with it.

1. Log in into the notebook you have created.

> 2. Open the file browser and navigate to the `jovyan` directory.

Reviewer 2: What's this step about? Don't see it on the UI. The Getting started notebook is just displayed in the file tree.

Author: At the time I opened this PR, the Getting Started template was "hidden" under the jovyan directory, not really in plain sight. Hence, this step. 
Now, looks like the template is displayed in the file tree right after opening the notebook. I removed the step.

3. Select the `GettingStarted.ipynb` file.

## ArangoGraph Magic Commands

A list of the available magic commands you can interact with.
Single line commands have `%` prefix and multi-line commands have `%%` prefix.

**Database Commands**

- `%listDatabases` - lists the databases on the database server.

> - `%whichDatabase` - which database am I connected to?

Reviewer 3: Having a question here doesn't seem right. How about `returns the database name.`
